Documentation improvements (#87)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/hooks/index.mdx

---
title: 'Introduction'
---

> # Liteflow SDK
> 
> This is the documentation for the Liteflow SDK. The SDK contains a set of React Hooks that facilitates the creation of your own NFT Marketplace.

Reviewer: Liteflow SDK is all the packages, not just the hook, right?
```suggestion
# Hooks

This is the documentation for the Liteflow's hooks. This package contains a set of React Hooks that facilitates the creation of your own NFT Marketplace.
```

Author: Yes just moved this text, need to update

Author: done
